1. PHP
PHP (Hypertext Preprocessor) is a server-side scripting language designed for web development. PHP code is interpreted by a web server with a PHP processor module, which generates the resulting web page: PHP commands can be embedded directly into an HTML source document rather than calling an external file to process data. PHP is free software released under the PHP License. PHP can be deployed on most web servers and also as a standalone shell on almost every operating system and platform, free of charge.

2. Java
Java is a class-based, object-oriented programming language. It's one of the most in-demand programming languages, a standard for enterprise software, web-based content, games and mobile apps, as well as the Android operating system. Java is designed to work across multiple software platforms, meaning a program written on Mac OS X, for example, could also run on Windows.

3. C Language
A  general-purpose programming language. C is the oldest and one of the most widely used programming languages of all time. C is mostly used for implementingoperating systems and embedded applications.

4. C++
C++ is a general purpose programming language. It is regarded as an intermediate-level language, as it comprises both high-level and low-level language features. It provides imperative, object-oriented and generic programming features.

5. C#
C# is a multi-paradigm programming language encompassing strong typing, imperative, declarative, functional, procedural, generic, object-oriented (class-based), and component-oriented programming disciplines. C# is built on the syntax and semantics of C++, allowing C programmers to take advantage of .NET and the common language runtime.

6. Python
Python is a widely used general-purpose, high-level programming language. Its design philosophy emphasizes code readability, and its syntax allows programmers to express concepts in fewer lines of code than would be possible in languages such as C. Python supports multiple programming paradigms, including object-oriented, imperative and functional programming or procedural styles.

7. JavaScript
JavaScript is a dynamic computer programming language. It is most commonly used as part of web browsers, whose implementations allow client-side scripts to interact with the user, control the browser, communicate asynchronously, and alter the document content that is displayed. It is also being used in server-side programming, game development and the creation of desktop and mobile applications.

8. SQL
SQL (Structured Query Language) is a special-purpose programming language designed for managing data held in a relational database management system. SQL became a standard of the American National Standards Institute (ANSI) in 1986, and of the International Organization for Standardization (ISO) in 1987.